[Autogenerated] the containers need a little extra help in
order to access our database inside the RDS.
Instance.
First, I want to explain what's going on, what needs to happen.
And then we'll make the fix, which is actually pretty quick,
even though the containers art in the same VPC as the RTs database.
Instance.
In other words, in the same private network,
we still have security inside the network as well.
So we need to explicitly change the security group for the RDS instance to
allow access from the containers which are protected by the security group
of the load balancer that's in front of them.
But there is a chance that there's more than one
security group for the load balancer.
It would be a pain toe have to define inbound rules for all of the
possible security groups on the load balancer.
However,
Fargate also adds all of those load balance or security groups to the
inbound rules for the default security group on the VPC.
That means if the VP sees security group is allowed through than all of those
load balance or security groups will come along for the ride.
In my case, there is only one,
and I can spot it easily when looking at the
security groups in E C two services.
There it ISS with helpful name created by Fargate E.
C s Net core FBI load balancer one.
Let's take a look at that default security group and its inbound rules.
All traffic is allowed from the security group of the load balancer.
So if there were multiple security groups for the load balancer,
they'd all be listed here.
That means I could tell the security group that's protecting
the RTs instance to allow this security group through on Port
14 33 the sequel server port.
And we've gone through this before when we had to allow the elastic being
stock hosted application permission to the databases.
Well, but as a reminder,
the easiest way to discover the correct security group is to go into the
pleural site sequel are deists Instance in the console the security group were
looking for is listed here under VPC security groups.
I'll select that security group,
then I'll go to its inbound rules and then I'll click the Edit Inbound Rules
button and then add Rule will use the M s sequel shortcut and that sets the
protocol to TCP and the port to 14 33 and in the source.
We need to list the security group that we want to allow in.
So start typing that into filter, and there it is the default security group.
And then I can scroll further down on the page to the Save Rules button.
The nice thing here is the new rule goes into effect immediately so I can
go back to the browser window that timed out earlier,
and I'll refresh the page for the authors,
controller and tutta.
Finally, there's my data, and again, I really only just made one small change.
But I wanted you to understand what I was doing and why.
That way, the next time you have to do that,
it will hopefully feel like a quick and easy step. Perform